How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?                                                                                                        Developers should try to secure patterns and reinforces security best practices to ensure that their code, program, or software is functional and secure. They should choose their programming language and framework based on the needs of the project and their client. Choosing the programming language is so important that developers must see the strengths and weaknesses of it and see if they can ensure functionality with their chosen language.
How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?                                                                                                                  User needs are important requirements, which add value to a product, service, or environment for a user. To incorporate user needs into a program we need to engage in a process wherein users understand their problems, processes, goals, and preferences. Functionality is one of the examples of user needs because it helps developers know what they must develop and what needs to be implemented.
How do I approach designing software?                                                                                                                                             We have two methods in design software. One is bottom-up method in which the design starts with the lowest level components and subsystems. By using these components, the next immediate higher-level components and subsystems are created or composed. This method can be used to high the low-level details of implementation and be merged with top-down method. Another is top-down method in which each system is divided into several subsystems and components. Each of the subsystems if further divided into set of subsystems and components. This process of division facilitates in forming a system hierarchy structure. 
